But they, as long as we follow the spiritual path, we need devotion. We need faith. We don't, we
are that faith and devotion. We are completely blocked by the ego, blocked by self-importance.
When that comes, what are they? Skepticals, doubt, hesitations, trust in mind. And we are not
settling our spiritual path. We are not settled.
Even we are thinking we are settled. We are wandering together in the Buddha teaching the old
living beings, the other gypsies, in a way called the Noah, means the mover. All the time it's
moving. But then, above that, we think spiritually we set the path. We are going to follow the path
.
But our hesitation, doubt, skeptical, everything is done. We are not really set. We are lingering,
wobbling, shaking. And we are undermining ourselves, our growth, our progress and development.
Therefore, really, to have the joy and devotion and confidence, faith, F, A, I, C, F, A, to the
lineage.
A lineage, what is? It's not something that we try to listen in the oboe or kind of like the alpha
ones. No. We have inspired ourselves with this lineage master in the practice, in the practice med
itate and what they taught.
It's something that is really running to our air, those teachings. And it's running to our heart.
He sings. It comes down so beautifully. It's loving-kindness. It's complete.
You are in respect with everything. Openness, openness, and beautiful that nature. How wonderful.
How good it is. That is what really the devotees.
So, this lineage, praise, all the devotees, we then connect it to the lineage. The stillness, the
golden chain of the lineage, we connect it.
As God, by myself, is connected to the lineage, we are connected. As a long team, by connecting it
to the lineage, we are connected the same way.
Really, we are a king of God and that wisdom, that compassion, that blessings came from 2600 years
ago, every called Buddhist level or in Dharmakaya level.
But from the ridiculous time came, now it's absorbing, merging into our heart and mind. How
wonderful. How good it is. It should be great. I'm not kidding. I'm not just singing.
It's something, something beautiful opportunity in our short lifetimes. Why am I saying short lif
etimes? I mean, how long we know how long we will be here?
Who knows? Who can guarantee? But where we're at right now, we're doing some good things that were
directly connected to our mind, to our heart.
Then of course, we're doing all the different things that are supportive things we take care of,
that do.
But besides this, something personally connected to our heart and our mind is the practice. That's
why you're really glorifying that.
According to teaching, that goes with us, whatever we develop with mind, that goes with us,
according to Buddhism.
According to Buddhism, we all know, life is not ended right here. This is not only one. It's a
continuation game.
As like this, yesterday has not ended this. And yes, today is here. Tomorrow will be here. It's
continuation. Same way.
So therefore, this lineage phrase is so important within really whole-hearted universe.